BVM-Proj
VIN,DateOfFabrication,model,version,familycode,CAPV,IASS,radiocode,starterkey

SFD-Diagnostic Information


SDC-CodeGeneration


Delearpojo
delearid,country,phone,language,adddress(optional)

Vehicle-Pojo
VIN,familyID,model,productionNumber,ManfDate,enginetype,engineNumber,gearboxType,gearBoxNumber,RegCountry,deliveryDate,mileage

Faults,
faultcode,faultType,faultvalue,faultState,uceIndex

SDC-CODEGENERAION- CAR SECRETE KEY GENERATION
AST-AFTER SALES TRACEABLILITY- PARTS REPLACEMENT INFO
SFD- DIAGNOSTIC INFO
BVM-BASE VEHICLE WORLD
BATTERY-BATTER INFO SYSTEM
RPARTS- PARTS INFO SYSTEM
SPARC- PARTS PRICING 



HGVDS(Hyundai Global vehical Diagnostic system)
GVDS Aim is to enable an entire group of Hyundai users participating in the guarantee and technical analysis processs regarding Hyundai vehicles that can be analyzed with the GDS tool
to have information that is essentail for the implementation of the tasks that have been assigned to them: to have track of the diagnosis done on the vehicles, to be able to improve 
the methods and or the produtcs by using the case basis, to have better incident comprehension.
The Improvement of the diagnosis, in order to improve the final client satisfaction


The Hyundai GDS is the most advanced diagnostic tool for all Hyundai vehicles. 
The GDS provides complete functionality from diagnosis to reprogramming as well as maintenance and service information. 
The system offers total diagnostic coverage of all engine, chassis and body systems, reading and re-setting of diagnostic trouble codes (DTC), 
and coding of all engine, chassis, body and instrumentation modules.
Â It is an advanced service system that provides comprehensive coverage for all hyundai vehicles including all hybrid cars.
Gds provides complete diagnostics, analysis and reprogramming capabilities as well as a huge library of technical, 
service and repair information.In GDS VCI Diagnostic Tool for KIA Hyundai you can do the following functions: 
1. Completely Integrated Diagnostic System with User Specific information & settings 
2. Complete Technical Service Information
3. Comprehensive & Customized Diagnostic Solution 
4. Guided Troubleshooting Procedures 
5. Mobile Data-recording Function 
6. Real-time Software Management


AMDOCS and L&T Interview
=======================
Spring boot features
Transcation-Management in spring boot 
Exception-Handling
Custom-Exception
how can we consume or produce any other webservice
sateless means in restapi
hibernate lifecycle
Hibernate Association (one-one, one-many, many-many)
diff b/w where and having in sql
joins and different types of joins and explain
to run a application in server do you need jdk or jre
is java pure object oriented ? why?
coolection vs arrays
system.out.println();
method 
whats is serlization- how you will do ?(do we need to overide anything, does serlizable interface contains any methods)
synchronization
equals and == 
String StringBuffer StringBuilder
what is immutable
how hashmapworks
when one thread is trying read hashmap and other thread is trying to modify hashmap what will happens ? how will you overcome that problem
sleep vs wait method
i have list of employees how can you sort employee by employee id or employee name or employee age
final finally finalaize
custom immuatable classs
spring scopes
spring vs spring boot
spring and spring boot steriotypes
contoller vs restcontroller
ioc vs dependency injection
how you will implement dependecy injection
@pathvariable vs @requestparam @requestbody
print * pattern first line one * 2nd line 2 ** like 5 lines
employee and department table i need information of employee who is having higger salary (employye table has employye id,name,salary and dept table, dept id,dept name ,fk_empid)

